Update README.md (#6)
ostis-ai/kbe: README.md

> # Troubleshooting
> If you can't open kbe or kbe can't open file, install qt5 libs. For apt packet manager you can use the following commands:
> ```sh
> sudo apt-get install libqt5xml5
> sudo apt-get install libqt5concurrent5
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
# Troubleshooting

If you are experiencing issues opening KBE or files within KBE, you may need to install additional Qt5 libraries. For systems using the APT package manager, please run the following commands:

```sh
sudo apt-get install libqt5xml5
sudo apt-get install libqt5concurrent5
```
````
